SPCTR-3142: Fix - Inline Notice default padding issue in editor (#3358)
brainstormforce/ultimate-addons-for-gutenberg: README.md

## Changelog ##

### x.x.x ###

> * Fix: Inline Notice - Resolved issues where content doesn't have default padding in editor as frontend and removed unwanted margin on top of content in frontend.

Author: Updated.

* Improvement: Forms - Safely removed older style implementation for child blocks.
* Improvement: Code - Improved Performance by optimizing apiFetch across the plugin.
* Improvement: Code - Improved code quality for passing React props.

> * Fix: Inline Notice - Resolved issues wherein the content would have inconsistent default padding in the editor and the front-end, and removed the unwanted top margin on the front-end.

Reviewer: One minor change?

```suggestion
* Fix: Inline Notice - Resolved an issue wherein the content would have inconsistent default padding in the editor and the front-end.
* Fix: Inline Notice - Removed the unwanted top-margin in the front-end.
```

Author: Updated.
